iPhone: Hey there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey, how are you
iPhone: I'm doing okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm okay. Just working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
iPhone: Can you hear me.
Yeah.
iPhone: Okay, I can hear me now. Here, hold on, I might
iPhone: Okay, so I'm back. The, can you can you see me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't see you, but I can see. Oh.
iPhone: There we go into connection should be better I update though Wi Fi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. You're right.
iPhone: I'm doing. Yeah, I mean, I'm doing okay I
iPhone: I feel like I'm, what I'm like kind of nervous now because Piniella was telling me that
iPhone: My insurance, you know, isn't covering it for this, which I mean I love this program and then I mean to be honest. I mean, I'm not trying to be like
iPhone: I don't know, I'm not trying to, you know,
iPhone: Be mean but I mean like if our conversation yesterday and the way that she's talking to me today. I mean, I feel like she's just like,
iPhone: Like accusing me like, like, like I feel like she's like, I know her tone and the way
iPhone: That she's been talking to me about just what I've been. I was just my prescription yesterday was sent to the wrong pharmacy. So I was just trying to
iPhone: Ask about it getting sent to the right, pharmacy, and then she was asking me about my current insurance information which is fine, but it honestly just like it all comes down to, I feel like she's like
iPhone: Accusing me of trying to like get over somehow and accusing me like like I'm doing something wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
I'm weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get did you connect with another doctor in your area and get a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Another prescription
iPhone: No, I didn't. I've only gone to bright heart health and gotten my buprenorphine. This is the only appointment, the only connection. I've had with an appointment with a doctor, where I been prescribed buprenorphine besides the rehab facility. I was in, I
iPhone: And I, I had that conversation with her yesterday and I did realize that that was weird. I looked at my prescription and it says that
iPhone: There's like a different, you know, Doctor prescribing the previous one that I got, even though I was in the meeting with you and I let you know that I needed a refund. That's all I did. And then I went to the pharmacy and I picked it up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why can you tell me the doctor's name that's on the bottle.
iPhone: Yeah, let's try to get this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get this fixed. Okay, get this handled.
iPhone: Yeah, I'm
iPhone: Fine day
iPhone: That one's from Mary cast
iPhone: My old box.
iPhone: Yeah, so it's this one where one second.
iPhone: Yeah, on the on the box here, it says goofball, which I'm guessing is the last name and then
iPhone: Rim rim in pre which is, you know, I can give you the spelling if you'd like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that would be
iPhone: Yeah. So Paul, it's Paul, come over him and priests, I'm guessing that pause the last name and who Paul is spelled up P AMP L.
iPhone: Okay, are and then Roman Pro is spelled r i am
iPhone: Am P r e t
iPhone: And then after that it also says RP ah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hold the box up and let me look at it really fast. Yeah.
iPhone: Totally um yeah um
iPhone: Let's see, trying to get like a good here where the name would be is right where my thumb is right there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you have been getting your meds through Kaiser, yeah.
iPhone: From the Kaiser pharmacy.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And is that a normal thing that you do.
iPhone: Um, well, since the first time that
iPhone: I had an appointment with you guys. I
iPhone: Was between insurances and I got my farm see from the pharmacy that I've been using for like my whole life, which is CBS in my town and i and i paid out cash for that one.
iPhone: Because I was in between insurances and then immediately after that all the, the other two that I've picked up are from I picked them up from Kaiser pharmacy and they were covered, but the price was $15 which is my insurance copay
iPhone: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then this one, Mary, send it in to Kaiser right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
iPhone: And don't run. Oh, so
iPhone: I'm so sorry she sent it to CBS, which was the problem I needed it to be sent to Kaiser
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you called in to give him the information and then you went to pick it up, you don't recognize that doctor's name from somebody you've seen in the past at all.
iPhone: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. I'm just trying to get some clarity so that way we can get it all straightened out, you know, and I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you
iPhone: Know I i do know what you mean. And I totally understand. You know what, I totally understand. Yeah, like, you know,
iPhone: I'm totally willing to find that out to the tone that, you know, Danielle was taking with me was that I was just being a one, a big waste of time into as if I'm trying to abuse the system, somehow, and I was just telling her, like, okay, like I'm
iPhone: I'm sorry, she's like I'm at patients at my door and your, your have meds and I was like, I'm just trying to be on top of my care and I don't. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, well, don't take your personal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try not to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, again, because you know she is very overwhelmed and it probably confused her because of the name, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did you get that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get that prescription on the 13th.
iPhone: Yeah, the one that is written, I
iPhone: Yeah, on the 13th.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so
iPhone: The reason why I asked for a refill and in our last appointment was because I'm going to be out by
iPhone: I think it's Friday or that weekend and, you know, I'm just trying to stay on top of it. I didn't want to have to be like putting in my prescription when it's like a one dose left you know
iPhone: But I guess.
iPhone: That's what I'm supposed to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, only because you know and i think you know this, but I'm not program is, you know, the therapy on top of the prescription and you engage. You're always up front. I want you to, I want to identify this for you too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that you're always in group you're always up front. You know you do. What's asked of you. So don't think for one second that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we believe in any way, shape, or form missing that you're doing something that you shouldn't or that it shady or that you know that you're not, I can understand Danielle is confusion and concern.
iPhone: I didn't know you know
It's
iPhone: Pretty like harsh, but I understand it's a crazy time right now there's so much stuff. And you know, that's why it's fine, whatever. I'm just gonna let it go. But, I mean, I had to say something. It was just, it really like rubbed me the wrong way. Yeah, sure. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's especially when you're doing the right thing and you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, complying and you're trying to stay on top of your care. I get it. Yeah, definitely. How are you doing with all of this.
iPhone: Stress wise yeah I'm I'm doing okay. Um, I mean, cuz I
iPhone: Was able to pick up my clonazepam from CVS because. Fortunately, it wasn't a ridiculous price, like the buprenorphine is
iPhone: And so I paid up front. From that for that from CVS and so
iPhone: I, you know, so I've taken my anxiety meds, but, um, I mean like right now. You've been like, you know, I'm, I'm feeling some anxiety, like, you know,
iPhone: I mean, you could probably hear in my voice. I mean, I'm, I'm a little high strung but I mean I'm, I'm okay. I'm handling it. I just need to like
iPhone: Relax and do my thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. In stay out of your head.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: Are you, this is actually
iPhone: Sorry to just, like, you know, completely. You know, this is very stressful for me because I'm really scared that
iPhone: I'm going to be kicked out of this program right now and I really love being in this program that works for me perfectly. I like seeing all of you guys and I just think it's a great program. And I'm I am really scared that I'm going to get kicked out now because my insurance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, let's just let's play it by ear and see what's going to happen. Okay, let me be excuse me do some research for it. And remember that Mary used to work for Kaiser
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that she's working with other clients with Kaiser so you know let's you know don't sit yourself into fear and stay there. Let me talk to Mary. Let me talk to Daniella and Helena, and let's get this figured out. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because we enjoy you in group to Mason and if we if there is any possible way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That we can work with Kaiser and Kaiser is willing to work with us and we can keep you, we want to keep you engaged with us. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just know that. All right. And just know that we're going to do. I'm working with Mary, what we can to make it your, your treatment to continue. So I don't want you to stress out and I don't want you to be in fear. All right.
iPhone: Okay, I will try my best to and thank you and thank you for those words and I yes I I will try my hardest to stay with it and
iPhone: I'm really hopeful that I can stay
Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's just figure it out. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's just do let me do some footwork with Mary and see what we can do. And we'll just kind of go from there. And if it turns out that Kaiser says no, which I honestly don't see how they would say no, especially right now.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I actually know we know Mary's worked with them.
iPhone: Yeah, Mary's work with them and so far that they have filled prescriptions for me and God is
iPhone: Under my insurance and you know it's been okay before so
iPhone: Yeah, I don't understand why it would be seems like that would be a process of just being like, like, kind of like a useless process of, like, you know, getting rid of somebody care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's not not in your best interest. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: I've been talking with Kaiser recently because I've been trying to get with a like full time therapist and, you know, do some all you know more therapy and I got approved from them basically their therapy system like I was talking to one of the
iPhone: One of the representatives and she took she kind of took me my case under her wing a bit and
iPhone: Their Therapy System is like you see your therapist once every two months, and she got me approved to go outside of Kaiser care for my therapy. I have like
iPhone: A I have, you know, the papers and everything that I'm actually allowed to go outside my Karen Kaiser will cover it like the tweet and certain boundaries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So one
iPhone: So that might even help
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Information. Okay. And did they do they have specific people or
iPhone: I just kind of went through the paperwork today and I'm I am actually like
iPhone: I want to dig in and figure out what the specifics on that. And I think there's a number that that I'm supposed to call and find out if there is like, you know, specific people that are outside of the thing or find it. I have to dig in a little more to find out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Well, let me know. You know, definitely. And, you know, do your footwork. Let me do my footwork. Okay.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We will combat this from both sides. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, this is about keeping you connected and keeping you safe. All right.
iPhone: Yeah, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any, anything else going on with you that you want to talk about
iPhone: Um, yeah, no. This is, um, this is basically at this is. Yeah. Probably the most stressful thing that's going on for me right now.
iPhone: Um, besides that I'm not having, you know, any specific issues going on in, you know, my personal life. That's, yeah. Going too crazy. I mean, just, you know, everything's kind of crazy right now but
iPhone: And so, you know, um, but I'm yeah, I'm okay. I'm definitely in talking to you make me feel better. And I'm really, I'm hopeful that we can. Yeah, get it totally figured out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and we will, don't worry. Okay, this is what you know a lot of the people we work with does for a living. So let's you know let's get you know the footwork done so that we can keep you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, going on your treatment. And again, just know that we're in your corner. You know what I mean. And we're going to do. I personally, as well as, you know, Mary, and you know, Mary.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so
iPhone: Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Having her in your corner is definitely a good thing. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I, I don't
iPhone: Like you guys a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally, you are. You're awesome and group, you have a lot of good things to say you support your peers. You know what I mean, you're great.
iPhone: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You definitely do I want to tell you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just don't want you to sit in fear over this stuff because it's not going to do any good. I want you to relax trust the process let you do your foot work on finding out about it, your therapist. I'll do my footwork about the rest of this stuff with Mary. OK.
iPhone: Ok I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do. Okay, good. All right, I'm gonna get started on it and you get started on your side. Get out of your head.
Okay.
iPhone: I will get out of my head and yeah I yeah and also what I was saying with Daniella. I don't want that to be like a formal complaint or anything. I know that that things are just crazy right now, but it was just a part of my stress going on. But yeah, so don't. Yeah, no worries on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember that when when somebody responds to us in a manner that hurts or that is offensive. You know that the more time that we let them occupy our mind. They own us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: detach from it and know that it wasn't it's and this is again my perception. It's wasn't about you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's more probably of the, the, you know, at people that she's trying to get medications for at once, you know,
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I can get around that. Yeah, that it makes sense. Yeah, and I will. Yeah, I'm gonna do my best to just get outside of my head, like you said, and use my tools that I know I can use I'm getting do some
iPhone: Guided meditation. When I finish working and yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, watch a good movie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A funny movie. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, I mean,
iPhone: I did that last night that was like
iPhone: One of my tools, me and my girlfriend watch that me, myself and Irene.
iPhone: Remember that way.
iPhone: Yeah, yeah, it's kind of dated, but it's pretty funny still
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. I've been doing the same thing watching older movies on Netflix and stuff and and just going back and looking at the way that they were made the hair. The clothes.
iPhone: The clothes. I haven't noticed, I love that movie so much but I mean
iPhone: Even just, just a few minor jokes are like, Whoa, that was kind of like that. You know what I mean. Kind of like racy or whatever but
iPhone: Still, it's, it's a good movie still
Yeah, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just find find, you know, positive things you know to do positive things to put in your head. Don't allow yourself to get stuck in boredom. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, busy stay busy. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Deal. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. And as soon as I talked to Mary and we get all this worked out. Then we'll let you. I'll let you know might not be until I see you in group on Monday, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just don't stress. If you feel yourself veering towards it and sitting in worrying about it. Remember my conversation with you. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember you've
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: got people that are working on it when I when we have information. I will, I promise you I will cut reach out to you and let you know. Okay.
iPhone: Thank you. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
iPhone: That'd be great and email works totally best to if you need to get some information by me, that doesn't have to be a $15 copay you know that
iPhone: I can email you anytime
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, perfect. Okay. And remember that. That's my email to you. So if something comes up and you're struggling and you need to talk. We can email back and forth. I don't have a problem with that. Okay.
iPhone: Okay, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds good deal. Okay. All right, perfect. All right, I'll let you go, and I will talk to you really soon.
iPhone: Yeah, thank you for reaching out. This is making you feel better have a little less stressed about situation, cuz I mean, yeah, all I had was where my mind could take me on you. What, what's happening, you know, and yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that catastrophic thinking right it's the end so stay out of that thinking. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're going to do everything we can to make it work out. All right.
iPhone: Okay, great. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Mason, you have a great weekend. Happy, happy, happy thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
iPhone: OK, I will try. Yeah.
iPhone: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. I'll talk to you Monday.
iPhone: Talk to you Monday.
iPhone: Okay. Have a great weekend to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You too.
iPhone: Okay. Bye bye.